Isn't that what you're doing now?
Brother Yi, you can't leave me alone
Miss Ye, I beg you
Just give him to me
Make me feel like a third party
Su Yizawa
Is it fun to tease me?
Ruoxue, listen to my explanation
Su Yizawa
Hmph I really became a joke
I never want to see you again.
Ruoxue
a brother
You are still the same as before
Just for me, okay?
Mu Qianqian
No, I didn't think of it.
You can really do this for Yechen
Brother Chen is excellent
Huge potential
I would give up everything for him
But you've been chasing me for so many years
suddenly give up
Isn't that a shame?
Stop daydreaming
You are also poor enough
You actually think that Ye Chen is sincere to you
You don't have to provoke my feelings with Brother Chen
He loves me.
Love you
You should find out how many people he loves